CI: Add the "Doctests" workflow to run doctests weekly (#2456)
GenericMappingTools/pygmt: doc/maintenance.md

> 2. `ci_tests.yaml` (Tests on Linux/macOS/Windows)

Author: **Off-topic question**: Currently, we're documenting what a workflow does in the maintainers' guide, but it's very likely that we may forget to update these descriptions when we update a workflow. Perhaps we should only keep a short, one-sentence description for each workflow here and have more detailed descriptions in the workflow file.

Reviewer: Maybe have a README.md under https://github.com/GenericMappingTools/pygmt/tree/v0.9.0/.github/workflows to document, so that people looking at the folder can see what the *.yml files are for? Also fine with including it in the YAML file since that will be more visible.

Author: > Also fine with including it in the YAML file since that will be more visible.

I'm inclined to this option because (1) we won't forget to update the workflow descriptions; (2) the workflows are more self-explanatory.

Reviewer: > > Also fine with including it in the YAML file since that will be more visible.
> 
> I'm inclined to this option because (1) we won't forget to update the workflow descriptions; (2) the workflows are more self-explanatory.

Ok, so just document things in the YAML files and remove the descriptions from the doc/maintenance.md file. Can do this in another PR once this one is merged.

   via the [Codecov GitHub Action](https://github.com/codecov/codecov-action).
   More codecov related configurations are stored in `.github/codecov.yml`.

3. `ci_doctests.yaml` (Doctests on Linux/macOS/Windows)

>     This workflow is scheduled to run all doctests on Sunady on the *main*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This workflow is scheduled to run all doctests every Sunday on the *main*
```

5. `ci_tests_dev.yaml` (GMT Dev Tests on Linux/macOS/Windows).

   This is triggered when a PR is marked as "ready for review", or using the
   slash command `/test-gmt-dev`. It is also scheduled to run on Monday,
   Wednesday and Friday on the *main* branch.

6. `cache_data.yaml` (Caches GMT remote data files needed for GitHub Actions CI)

   This is scheduled to run every Sunday at 12:00 (UTC).
   If new remote files are needed urgently, maintainers can manually uncomment
   the 'pull_request:' line in that `cache_data.yaml` file to refresh the cache.

7. `publish-to-pypi.yml` (Publish wheels to TestPyPI and PyPI)

   This workflow is ran to publish wheels to TestPyPI (for testing only) and
   PyPI. Archives will be pushed to TestPyPI on every commit to the *main*
   branch and tagged releases, and to PyPI for tagged releases only. Note that
   authentication to TestPyPI/PyPI is done via OpenID Connect, see also
   https://github.com/pypa/gh-action-pypi-publish/tree/release/v1#publishing-with-openid-connect

8. `release-drafter.yml` (Drafts the next release notes)

    This workflow is run to update the next releases notes as pull requests are

>     merged into the main branch.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    merged into the *main* branch.
```
